README.md, before:

# Eight Queens

## Alpha Release

Welcome to the **Eight Queens** chess game.

## How to play

Place eight queens onto the chess board, 
with none of the queens under attack!

## Developer Info

Eight Queens is built with [React](https://reactjs.org/).

Eight Queens was bootstrapped with [create-react-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/)

### Scripts

#### `yarn build` or `npm run build`

This builds Eight Queens for production to the `build` folder.

It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

Once built, Eight Queens is ready to be deployed to any **web server**!

#### `yarn start` or `npm start`

Runs Eight Queens in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `yarn test` or `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

Commit message:

Eight Queens v0.0.2 - title, status components

README.md, after:

# Eight Queens

_Alpha Release - working towards a Minimum Viable Game_

Welcome to the **Eight Queens** chess game.

## How to play

Place eight queens onto the chess board, 
with none of the queens under attack!

Live demo:
**<https://attogram.github.io/EightQueens/>**

## Deployment

### Pre-built version

The `gh-pages` branch contains a pre-built
version of **Eight Queens** ready for deployment to your web server.

See: <https://github.com/attogram/EightQueens/tree/gh-pages>

## License

**Eight Queens** is an open source project
licensed under the MIT License.

## Developer Info

The main Eight Queens Git repository is:
<https://github.com/attogram/EightQueens>

Eight Queens is built with [React](https://reactjs.org/).

Eight Queens was bootstrapped with [create-react-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/)

### Scripts

#### `yarn build` or `npm run build`

This builds Eight Queens for production to the `build` folder.

It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

Once built, Eight Queens is ready to be deployed to any **web server**!

#### `yarn start` or `npm start`

Runs Eight Queens in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

You will also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `yarn test` or `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.
